GO TO JAIL.
FIRST TONIGHT, LET'S SAY YOU
DISAGREE WITH THE POLITICAL
VIEWS OF THE PEOPLE WHO RUN THE
COUNTRY, THE BILLIONAIRE CLASS,
THE TESLA DRIVERS, THE
PROSECUTORS AND SPY CHIEFS YOU
SEE ON TELEVISION OPINING ABOUT
THINGS.
IF YOU'RE WATCHING THIS SHOW,
YOU'LL PROBABLY NOT ALL THAT
IMPRESSED ABOUT THESE PEOPLE.
YOU DON'T WISH THEM PERSONAL
HARM.
BUT YOU DON'T THINK THEY'VE DONE
A GOOD JOB FOR AMERICA.
YOU MIGHT HAVE VOTED FOR DONALD
TRUMP TO MAKE THAT VERY POINT.
HAVE YOU EVER CONSIDERED WHAT
THESE PEOPLE THINK OF YOU FOR
VOTING THE WAY THAT YOU DID, FOR
DARING TO BE INSOLENT AND
DISOBEDIENT?
HOW WOULD THEY PUNISH YOU IF
THEY GOT THE CHANCE?
EVER THINK OF THAT?
WONDER NO MORE.
MANAFORT HAS NO CRIMINAL RECORD
OF ANY KIND.
HIS SENTENCE IS CONSIDERABLY
LONGER THAN THE NATIONAL AVERAGE
FOR THE CHARGES HE PLED TO.
BY THE TIME MANAFORT GETS OUT OF
PRISON, HE WILL BE ELDERLY,
BROKE, AND DISGRACED.
BUT FOR OUR RULING CLASS, THAT'S
NOT NEARLY ENOUGH PUNISHMENT.
THEY BELIEVE HE MUST DIE IN
PRISON.
ANYTHING LESS CANNOT BE ALLOWED.
>> SHOCKING NEWS.
>> SHOCKING.
AS A FORMER PROSECUTOR, I'M
EMBARRASSED.
AS AN AMERICAN, I'M UPSET.
>> THIS JUDGE HAD A HARD-ON FOR
THE MUELLER PROBE OVERALL.
>> IT'S A SERIOUS CRIME AND HE
GOT A SLAP ON THE WRIST.
PEOPLE SHOULD BE OUTRAGED.
>> I FIND THIS JAW DROPPING.
>> IT'S AN EXTRAORDINARILY
LENIENT SENTENCE
>> MANAFORT GOT THE SPECIAL
CLUBBY WASHINGTON ELITE FRIENDLY
TREATMENT.
>> PAUL MANAFORT MUST DIE.
THAT'S WHAT THEY'RE DEMANDING.
ROBERT MUELLER AGREES WITH THEM.
MUELLER ASKED THAT MANAFORT
RECEIVE UP TO 24 YEARS IN
PRISON, MORE THAN TWICE THE
AVERAGE MURDERER IN THIS COUNTRY
SPENDS BEHIND BARS.
THAT'S A DEATH SENTENCE.
KEEP IN MIND THAT AL CAPONE ONLY
GOT 11 YEARS FOR CHARGES
SIMILAR.
IS THERE A SINGLE PERSON IN
AMERICA WHO BELIEVES THAT
MANAFORT WOULD BE GOING TO JAIL
IF HE HADN'T RUN DONALD TRUMP'S
PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN?
EVERYONE IN WASHINGTON KNOWS
THAT.
THERE'S A LOT OF REPUBLICANS WHO
ARE GRATEFUL THEY DIDN'T TAKE
THE JOB.
THE JUDGE IN THE CASE CLEARLY
UNDERSTANDS WHAT'S HAPPENING
HERE.
HE REMINDED THOSE WATCHING THAT
MANAFORT WAS, QUOTE, NOT BEFORE
THIS COURT FOR NOT HAVING
ANYTHING TO DO WITH COLLUSION
WITH THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT.
THAT'S TRUE.
NOBODY HAS BEEN CHARGED WITH A
CHARGE RELATED TO RUSSIAN
COLLUSION.
THAT'S A FACT.
THAT'S NOT AN OPINION.
THERE'S NO DISPUTE ABOUT IT.
SOMEHOW, A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE
STILL OUT THERE LYING ABOUT
THIS, PROBABLY BECAUSE NOBODY IN
THE PRESS CALLS THEM ON IT.
WATCH YOUR ELECTED OFFICIAL SAY
SOMETHING TOTALLY UNTRUE IN THE
MOST SELF-RIGHTEOUS POSSIBLE
WAY.
>> THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WOULD BE
JUSTIFIED IN FEELING THAT THERE
IS SOME MISCARRIAGE OF JUSTICE.
MANAFORT POTENTIALLY THREATENED
OUR VERY DEMOCRACY, THE
PRINCIPLES OF OUR DEMOCRACY.
>> THIS NEWS CAME OUT ABOUT
MANAFORT AND I'M TICKED OFF
ABOUT THIS.
>> WERE YOU SHOCKED?
>> THIS CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM
CAN'T SURPRISE ME ANYMORE.
>> I THINK I SPENT MORE DAYS IN
DETENTION IN HIGH SCHOOL THAN
JUDGE ELLIS THINKS THAT MANAFORT
SHOULD SPEND IN JAIL.
>> CORY BOOKER IS VERY TICKED
OFF THAT MANAFORT MAY NOT DIE IN
JAIL FOR CHEATING ON HIS TAXES.
KEEP IN MIND THIS IS THE SAME
CORY BOOKER THAT RECENTLY SPENT
HOURS ON THE SENATE FLOOR
WAGGING HIS FINGER OVER MASS
INCARCERATION AND OUR BROKEN
JUSTICE SYSTEM.
YET THAT'S ALSO THE SAME CORY
BOOKER WHO NOW IS OUTRAGED THAT
A TAX CHEAT ISN'T GETTING THE
DEATH PENALTY.
HAS HE EVER CHEATED ON HIS
TAXES?
HOPE NOT.
IT WOULD BE INTERESTING TO KNOW
IF ANY OF THESE HYENAS HAS
FUDGED A DEDUCTION OR VIOLATED
OUR BANKING LAWS.
SOMEBODY SHOULD CHECK.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT TAXES,
OBVIOUSLY.
CORY BOOKER KNOWS THAT WELL.
IT'S ABOUT USING POWER TO CRUSH
YOUR POLITICAL OPPONENTS.
MANAFORT IS SENTENCED FOR
FAILING TO REGISTRATION UNDER
THE FOREIGN ACT OF 1988.
IT'S LIKE HAYLEY'S COMET HERE IN
WASHINGTON.
IN THE SPACE OF 50 YEARS,
BETWEEN 1966 AND 2015, THE DOJ
CHARGED A TOTAL OF SEVEN PEOPLE,
JUST THREE OF THEM WERE
CONVICTED.
MEANWHILE, THE MOST POWERFUL
FOREIGN LOBBYIST IN WASHINGTON